hello everyone I am onday and like a sun
bathing chair here as you can see and
we've just been having a swim in the
pool and thin playing beach volleyball
rightly yeah yeah and then we've been
tollywood studios today and it is
Christmas Eves iPhones lips I it hope
everyone gets what they want am i
heading back later to watch Mickey's
from times how's Nick and then just
about it tonight right all right Thank
You Ben that was excellent yeah we're
just at the swimming pool at the beach
club slides nail up and there's a big
big whirlpool thing there that's
absolutely brilliant movement any yes
it's like a big washing machine so I'm
going to try and get ever in that so now
we're walking back to our room talking
get a shower before we go back to what
is fantastic whoa and then we're going
to see the al-jabal night so I think
we're going to do another video later on
this is just taking a little underst
because we didn't know forget chanting
up and so this is the slider unit
it goes like right across a puff there
and into the pill where we just saw so
we're walking back now everyone's
looking at me Michael how's he doing
speaking into his coming so anyway this
is the path to our beach club and over
there was playing beach volleyball
before it was really good so we're yeah
we're going to head back now will join
do another video later on so hopefully
we'll get it out anything at salmon
merry Christmas everyone oh yes sir
Christmas Eve innings so I'll put Santa
Claus brings everyone everything
everybody wants so anyway we'll see you
tomorrow if if we don't get video out
tonight all right